“I am no part of the world.”
But is the world a part of me?
I’m pressured every day
to get involved in political issues
that affect me socially,
. . . environmentally,
. . . and economically.
That pressure could rob me
of my peace of mind
. . . and influence how I think.
I could take sides in my heart,
even if I’m not aware of it.
But I know that Jehovah
will care for all of mankind’s concerns
. . . by means of his Kingdom
ruled by his Son, Jesus Christ.
I show my support for him
in my prayers,
. . . in how I think and feel,
. . . and by teaching others
what the Kingdom will do for mankind.
I know there are millions
of brothers and sisters
all over the world
. . . who loyally support
the “Prince of Peace”
just like me, because I
. . . I
. . . I am no part of the world.